Add transifex translation support (#634)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/contributing/frc-docs/translations.rst

Translations
============

> frc-docs supports translations using the web-based `Transifex <https://www.transifex.com>`__ utility. frc-docs is currently testing Spanish Mexico (es_MX) translation support. We hope to support Chinese (zh_CN), French Canada (fr_CA), Hebrew Israel (he_IL), and Turkish (tr_TR) in the future. Spanish Translators that are fluent in *both* English and one of the specified languages would be greatly appreciated to contribute to the translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frc-docs supports translations using the web-based `Transifex <https://www.transifex.com>`__ utility. frc-docs is currently testing Spanish Mexico (es_MX) translation support. We hope to support Chinese (zh_CN), French Canada (fr_CA), Hebrew Israel (he_IL), and Turkish (tr_TR) in the future. Translators that are fluent in *both* English and one of the specified languages would be greatly appreciated to contribute to the translations.
```

2. Join the wpilibsuite `gitter <https://gitter.im/wpilibsuite/wpilib>`__! This is a direct means of communication with the WPILib team. You can use this to ask us questions in a fast and streamlined fashion.
3. You may be contacted and asked questions involving contributing languages before being granted access to the frc-docs translation project.
4. Translate your language!

Links
-----

Links must be preserved in their original syntax. To translate a link, you can replace the TRANSLATE ME text (this will be replaced with the english title) with the appropriate translation.

Given the following English text, you can

.. code-block:: text

   For complete wiring instructions/diagrams, please see the :doc:`TRANSLATE ME <Wiring the FRC Control System` document>`.

Another example is below

.. code-block:: text

  For complete wiring instructions/diagrams, please see the :ref:`TRANSLATE ME <docs/getting-started/getting-started-frc-control-system/how-to-wire-a-robot:How to Wire an FRC Robot>`

Publishing Translations
-----------------------

> Translations will be PRed to the `frc-docs <https://github.com/wpilibsuite/frc-docs>`__ on a weekly basis for merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translations will be merged to the `frc-docs <https://github.com/wpilibsuite/frc-docs>`__ repository on a weekly basis.
```

Translations
============

> frc-docs supports translations using the web-based `Transifex <https://www.transifex.com>`__ utility. frc-docs supports Chinese (zh_CN), French Canada (fr_CA), Hebrew Israel (he_IL), Spanish Mexico (es_MX), and Turkish (tr_TR). Translators that are fluent in *both* English and one of the specified languages would be greatly appreciated to contribute to the translations.

Reviewer: This line should be updated to say that Spanish is in a testing phase.

2. Join the wpilibsuite `gitter <https://gitter.im/wpilibsuite/wpilib>`__! This is a direct means of communication with the WPILib team. You can use this to ask us questions in a fast and streamlined fashion.
3. You may be contacted and asked questions involving contributing languages before being granted access to the frc-docs translation project.
4. Translate your language!

Links
-----

Links must be preserved in their original syntax. To translate a link, you can replace the TRANSLATE ME text (this will be replaced with the english title) with the appropriate translation.

Given the following English text, you can

.. code-block:: text

   For complete wiring instructions/diagrams, please see the :doc:`TRANSLATE ME <Wiring the FRC Control System` document>`.

Another example is below

.. code-block:: text

  For complete wiring instructions/diagrams, please see the :ref:`TRANSLATE ME <docs/getting-started/getting-started-frc-control-system/how-to-wire-a-robot:How to Wire an FRC Robot>`

Hebrew
------

Pronouns
^^^^^^^^

Pronouns should use **male**. A notice has been applied at the root level index ensuring that the documentation is for all genders.

> 

Reviewer: We can remove this section for now.
